We're hot
Wow
So soon?
Haven't you confessed yet?
Someone broke the news outside
Said we three brothers shared a woman
What are you afraid of?
It's all fake anyway
Hey, my sister is right.
Yo
This is the first time I've had such a big scandal
Sister, look
Oh, dear.
The black fans are about to scold you to death, and you are still so happy
The more the black powder scolds, the more excited he is
Well, you don't have to worry about it.
I've sent someone to deal with this.
Just letting you know in advance
Don't let your parents know, worry
Your mother and I already know
Mom and Dad, how do you know?
Do you think we are cut off from the world?
Open the mobile phone and the first hot search is you.
Mom and Dad, come in and sit
It just so happens that I haven't seen you for a long time
What to do with the salary after such a discount?
You analyze who did it.
Who else could it be?
Peanut without makeup
Oh.
I met them outside tonight.
They thought our three brothers were bullied by you
I don't know.
And they know it. They know it.
So you haven't closed it yet
Is that so?